.. image:: /images/AC_Aviation_Logo.jpg
           :scale: 100 %
           :alt: AC Aviation Logo
           :align: center

==============
 Introduction
==============

Information
===========

.. Note:: Throughout this Aircraft Flexible Maintenance Schedule where
          Hawker 800XP is referenced, the designation of Hawker 850XP
          equally applies.

.. Note:: The airplane illustrations throughout this Aircraft Flexible
          Maintenance Schedule may appear without winglets. These
          illustrations also apply to airplanes equipped with
          winglets, even though the winglets are not shown.

A. General
----------

It shall be the responsibility of AC AVIATION company to ensure that
the latest revision of the publications referenced in this schedule
are utilized during operation, servicing and maintenance of the
airplane.

B. Warnings, Cautions and Notes
-------------------------------

.. WARNING:: Brings attention to an operating procedure, inspection or
             maintenance practice, which if not correctly followed,
             could result in personal injury or loss of life.

.. CAUTION:: Brings attention to an operating procedure, inspection,
             repair or maintenance condition, which if not strictly
             observed, could result in damage or destruction of
             equipment.

.. NOTE:: Brings attention to an operating procedure, inspection,
          repair or maintenance condition, which is essential to
          highlight.

C. Special Conditions Cautionary Notice
---------------------------------------

Airplanes operated for Air Taxi, or other than normal operation, and
airplanes operated in humid tropics, cold and damp climates, etc., may
need more frequent inspections for wear, corrosion and/or lack of
lubrication. Under these adverse conditions, perform periodic
inspections in compliance with this guide at more frequent intervals
until the owner or operator can set his own inspection periods based
on the contingencies of field experience.

.. Caution:: The recommended periods do not constitute a guarantee the
             item will reach the period without malfunction as the
             aforementioned factors cannot be controlled by the
             manufacturer.

D. Schedule Layout
------------------

Title page
++++++++++

A Title page is located at the beginning of the schedule and provides
the part number of the schedule, and instruction data. Information
throughout this schedule is applicable to all models listed on the
title page except where specifically stated.

The printed schedule will have a Record of Revisions page. The Record
of Revisions is provided following the Current LOEP List. When a
revision is inserted, the revision number, the date the revision is
inserted into the schedule, and the initials of the person(s)
inserting the revision should be recorded on this page and in the
Section 1 (1.4 Record Of Revision)

ATA Task Codes
++++++++++++++

This section lists the individual tasks contained in the schedule in
ATA order.

E. How To Use The Schedule
--------------------------

The intent of this Maintenance Program is to provide AC AVIATION
Company with the option of selecting the maintenance plan best suited
to their own flying schedule. The charts shown in Figure 1 and Figure
2 are used in selecting the inspection method chosen.

.. Note:: For composition of schedules and breakdown refer to
          paragraphs 3 and 4.


It is the responsibility of AC AVIATION Company, those subsequent
maintenance recommendations, including airworthiness information
promulgated in Service Bulletins, Service Letters, etc., issued by the
constructors and vendors should be evaluated and, where appropriate,
should be incorporated in this Schedule by the approved amendment
procedures.

The requirements of this Schedule shall normally be implemented at or
before the periods specified. Extensions to prescribed periods are
subject to agreement with the CAAT and should be made only when the
periods cannot be complied with due to circumstances which could not
have been reasonably foreseen by AC AVIATION Company or by AC AVIATION
Companyâ€™ contracted Maintenance Organization.

Maintenance Start Data
++++++++++++++++++++++


All the tasks in the Out of Phase, Component Requirements and
Airworthiness Limitations Document (ALD) are calculated as starting
from the date of original certification (issuance of original standard
airworthiness certificate) or from component installation during
completion. CAAT or applicable regulatory required inspections and
maintenance must be done in accordance with specific regulatory
requirements. All Hawker Beechcraft Corporation recommended
inspections, maintenance and servicing shall be based on the date of
release for service following aircraft completion. These statements
are not applicable to the airplane engines or the APU, which must be
maintained in accordance with their own manufacturers, recommended or
required maintenance instructions.

The airplane must be maintained in accordance with the Maintenance
Schedule based on original certification during completion. Both a 400
hour Detailed Walk-Around Inspection and 12 month (E Inspection) are
required at the time of completion if the difference between the date
of original certification and completion is more than six months or if
the airplane has more than 50 hours total flight time.

Any variation to the inspection must be approved by CAAT.

.. Note:: The requirements referred to in this Maintenance Schedule
          are applicable to equipment installed to Hawker Beechcraft
          Corporation and Hawker Beechcraft Corporation Completion
          Center approved modifications. For airplanes with equipment
          installed to any other FAA approved modifications refer, to
          that particular Design Authority responsible for the
          installation. Refer to the relevant Vendor Publication for
          any Servicing/Maintenance instructions which are not
          specifically defined in this schedule.

Factory Aircraft Comprehensive Tracking System (FACTS) program is the
factory authorized computerized maintenance tracking and forecasting
system that adheres to the guideline established in this maintenance
schedule.

Periods And Tolerances
======================

A. General Instructions
-----------------------

(1) Flying Times
      All periods quoted in the Schedule in 'flying hours'
      are based on flight (take-off to touch-down) times. Where, due to
      airport congestion, block (chock-to-chock) times exceed flight
      times by an average of more than 20 per cent, corresponding
      adjustments should be made to the overhaul periods of selected
      components such as starter/generators, hydraulic pumps and cut-out
      valves.

(2) Fatigue Lives and Mandatory Limitations
      ALL registered airplanes must comply with the requirements of CAAT

      All other life limitations classified as mandatory by the
      constructor/manufacturer must also be observed unless varied by
      CAAT.

      The Structural Inspection frequencies quoted in this Schedule are
      based on a set of assumed typical operating conditions. These
      assumptions take into account the experience obtained in service
      with the earlier variants of airplanes together with the enhanced
      capabilities of the Hawker 800XP Aircraft.

      The projected utilization has been described in the form of Flight
      Plans or Mission Profiles; whilst these have been invested with a
      degree of conservatism it is not possible for AC AVIATION Company
      to make sure that they will cover every airplane in service.


      Should the actual utilization differ significantly from the
      assumed mission profiles then due allowance must be made for the
      effects on the structural damage tolerance and fatigue
      characteristics and, hence, the inspection and replacement
      schedules.

      For the purposes of compiling the Structural Inspection
      frequencies the typical mission profiles allow for:

      * One cabin pressurization to full differential (8.55 psi).

      * One full cycle of flap operation (take-off and landing).

      * One full undercarriage cycle including braked, full stop landing per
        flight where a flight is defined as a single completed take-off and
        landing sequence. Touch and go landings, or rollers, are considered to
        be equivalent to full stop landings for maintenance purposes.

      It is also assumed that the majority of flights are at altitudes of
      25,000 feet and above using normal climb and descent procedures, with
      an allowance for flights at lower altitudes. The rate of fatigue
      damage to the structure could be greater than predicted for the
      assumed typical utilization if more than 30% of the flights involve
      cruises at altitudes below 15,000 feet or if less than 70% of the
      flights involve cruises at or above 25,000 feet.

      The assumed typical block time for average flights is 1.5
      hours. Fatigue damage per flight could be increased if on average,
      more than 70% of flights are of a longer duration.

      If AC AVIATION Company finds that the utilization of their aircraft
      differ from the average conditions outlined above should contact
      Hawker Beechcraft Corporation for guidance.

      In order to fully describe AC AVIATION Company particular usage of our
      airplane the following information is required:

        (a) Stage length and block time
        (b) Climb time and speed
        (c) Cruise time, altitude and speed
        (d) Descent time and speed

        (e) Stand-off time, altitude and speed

        (f) Number of pressurizations and differential

        (g) Number of flap operation cycles

        (h) Number of undercarriage operation cycles

        (i) Number of missed approaches

        (j) Number of touch-and-go landings (rollers)

        (k) Taxi time (pre- and post-flight)

        (l) Typical zero fuel weight

        (m) Typical landing weight

        (n) Percentage of total flights flown to this mission profile.


      .. Note:: If the airplane carries out widely differing types of
        operation these should be divided into groups of similar
        profiles each of which require the above data.

      Other general information to be advised as follows:

         (o) Airplane registration
         (p) Airplane serial number
         (q) Airplane series
         (r) Total flying hours and landings (including touch-and-go landings)
         (s) Hours and landings flown in the described flight profile(s)
         (t) Geographical disposition of operations.


    (3) Overhaul Periods - Radio and Radar Equipment
        Subject to negotiation with the CAAT, radio and radar equipment listed
        in the servicing of this Maintenance Schedule may be maintained on an
        "On Condition" basis.

    (4) Date Marking of Equipment
        Equipment which is required to be date marked after inspection or
        re-test to comply with this Schedule, should be re-marked with the
        date at which the next inspection or test is due.

B. Tolerances
-------------

Each inspection has a period for accomplishment, that period is the
tolerance window. A tolerance window is defined as the period that an
inspection may be accomplished, and does not change the next due
time. The tolerance window for each inspection is specified in
paragraph 4.A.

However AC AVIATION Company will never use these Tolerances unless
otherwise approved by CAAT in the time-by-time of inspections.

C. Structural Inspection and Out of Phase Inspection Tolerances
---------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: /images/AMP/Structural_Inspection_Tolerances.png
           :scale: 50%
           :alt: Structural_Inspection_Tolerances
           :align: center

.. Note:: Subsequent periodic requirements must be accomplished based
          on the original cycle or actual completion Hour/Date/Cycles,
          whichever is the more restrictive.

.. Note:: These tolerance periods DO NOT apply to Chapter 49 items
          that are controlled by APU running hours. Note: These
          tolerance periods DO NOT apply to Part 2, Routine
          Inspections.

.. Note:: These tolerance periods DO NOT apply to Component
          Requirements and Mandatory Lives.

Composition Of Schedule And Task Numbering
==========================================

A. Composition of Schedule
--------------------------

The Schedule is composed of nine parts, namely:

Part 1...Minor inspections (Pre-Flight, Post Flight, 200 and 400 Hour
Lubrication and 400 Hour Detailed Walk- Around Inspection).

.. Note:: Pre-Flight and Post Flight inspections are covered in the
          Hawker 800XP Ground Handling Checklist P/N 140-590032-0025.

.. Note:: Reference is also made in Part 1 to Engine, APU, Thrust
          Reverser and Airbrake Selector Lever Baulk Inspections.



Part 2...Routine Inspections (Inspection "B", Inspection "C",
Inspection "D", Inspection "E", Inspection "F" and Inspection "G").

Part 3...Structural Inspections.

Part 4...Out of Phase Inspections. Part 5...Special Incident
Inspections. Part 6...Panel Location Charts.

Part 7...Lubrication.

Part 8...Component Requirements. Part 9...Mandatory Life Limitations

B. Task Numbering
-----------------

Each individual task within parts 1, 2, 3 and 4 has its own unique
task number, consisting of six digits. The first two digits relate
directly to the ATA chapter number and the last four digits relate to
the task, e.g. 270025 is the 25th task in Chapter 27, Flight Controls.

For recording requirements each minor and routine inspection period
has a unique ATA Chapter 05 code number Area inspections within the
routine inspections are also given a unique code number. These are
05**** numbers and will follow the unique number allocated to the
inspection, e.g. the inspection number for Inspection B3 is 050140,
therefore the area inspection number will be 050141.

The first page of each group of routine inspections consists of the
following:

* The relevant inspection title (e.g. Inspection "B3")

* The unique code number mentioned above (e.g. 050140)

* List of Effective Pages

* Instructional Data Block

* Completion of Inspection Block

Inspection Periods
==================


.. Note:: If an inspection is done within the tolerance window, the
          time when the inspection is next due is not changed.

.. Note:: Minor Inspections that are divided into individual task
          codes so they can be used for scheduling and tracking, can
          be phased similar to Part 2. Routine Inspections, providing
          each task does not exceed the inspection period or tolerance
          window, (Example: If Item J. Rear Equipment Bay inspection
          in the 400 Hour Detailed Walk-Around has a task code
          assigned then the entire "Item J" could be scheduled and
          completed at the same time as "Inspection B7 - Rear
          Equipment Bay and Rear Fuselage inspection").

A. General
----------

Firstly AC AVIATION Company Limited have chosen to complied with the
un-phased inspection method and may be change to the Phased formatting
in the future for fit with the Aircraft fleet mission.

* 200 Hour lubrication - 200 flying hour interval with 50 flying hour
  tolerance window (191 to 240).

* 400 Hour lubrication - 400 flying hour interval with 50 flying hour
  tolerance window (391 to 440).

* 400 Hour Detailed Walk-Around inspection has a 400 flying hour
  interval with a 50 flying hour tolerance window (391 to 440).

* Airbrake Selector Lever Baulk inspection has a 400 flying hour
  interval with a 50 flying hour tolerance window (391 to 440).

**When an inspection group is not phased:**


* Inspection group "B" has a 800 flying hour interval with a 50 flying
  hour tolerance window (791 to 840).

* Inspection group "C" has a 1600 flying hour interval with a 100
  flying hour tolerance window (1551 to 1650).

* Inspection group "D" has a 3200 flying hour interval with a 200
  flying hour tolerance window (3151 to 3350).

* Inspection group "E" has a 12 month interval with a +/-1 calendar
  month tolerance window (11 month to 13 month).

* Inspection group "F" has a 24 month interval with a +/-2 calendar
  month tolerance window (22 month to 26 month).

* Inspection "G" has a 48 month interval with a +/-2 calendar month
  tolerance window (46 month to 50 month).

* When a task or inspection item in an inspection is started, the
  airplane MUST NOT be flown until the task or inspection item is
  completed and the aircraft has been approved for return to service
  in accordance with the requirements of the CAAT.

.. Note:: Assure that the task or inspection item performed is signed
          off in such a manner that clearly indicates when the
          inspection tasks are completed.

* Multiple inspections (e.g. B1 through B12) may be accomplished
  within the same tolerance window, however each inspection is
  individually tracked.

* Each inspection remains current, when completed, until, at a
  maximum, the last day or flying hour of the next allocated period
  for the identical inspection.

* Never exceed the allowed inspection window for a task when changing
  formats from phased to un-phased; or from un-phased to phased.

B. There is no Inspection group A
---------------------------------

Instead, there is a 400 Hour Detailed Walk- Around inspection.


C. The breakdown of Inspection
------------------------------

Groups "B", "C", "D", "E" and "F" and the areas dealt with in the
inspections are listed below.

.. image:: /images/AMP/Breakdown_Inspections.png
           :scale: 35%
           :alt: Breakdown_Inspections
           :align: center

D. Flexible Maintenance Charts (Figure 1. and Figure 2)
-------------------------------------------------------

The charts layout the inspections in hours (Figure 1) and months
(Figure 2) with 12 columns for Inspection groups "B", "C", "D", "E"
and "F". Inspection "G" only has one column. For the conventional
inspection method an X would be placed in each column at the interval
for that inspection, refer to Introduction - Appendix Chart 1 (Sheets
1 and 2) for example. This would be done for each of the six
inspections, B through G.

The flexible or progressive inspection method uses the same charts
with X's placed in each column at the time selected. The X represents
that time when each inspection would be done. Appendix Chart 2 (Sheets
1 to 4) show one example of this method.


.. Note:: The charts are designed to provide maximum flexibility such
          as doing any individual B through F inspection in a packaged
          method, while doing other inspections at one time. An
          example of this would be to do Inspection groups B and C in
          packages and all other inspections at one time.

.. Note:: The appendix charts are provided as examples of the most
          commonly used inspection methods.

D. The inspections contained in the Schedule are to be completed in accordance with the following instructions
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: /images/AMP/Inspection_Instructions.png
           :scale: 50%
           :alt: Inspection_Instructions
           :align: center
